Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we're going to add our entries to the local storage.
All right, so inside the update, you I function, what I'm going to do is I'm going to call the local
storage and I'm going to say that said item Y in here, because honestly, all of our items are right
here.
So what is the key?
Which is which should be a string.
So set item, it sets the value of a pair of identified a pair identified by key to value creating a
new key value pair if nonexistent existed or key for key previously like whatever comes after that.
So we are going to call it entry key or entry list.
You're just going to call it entry list.
And now, because this is in JavaScript format, we have to call the JSON that string ify method to
convert it to the adjacent format.
You know, Jason, Jason doesn't really matter.
So Jason Dot strangled by Jason that string ify and what is it that we want to string?
So keep in mind that we can only feed the local storage with an array.
All right.
So what is that array that we want to feed it?
We can say it is the entry list.
So now this function is completed.
All right.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to come on top of here because there are a little bit like a couple
of things that we need to do.
First off, I'm going to comment out the entry list, which is like which is initialized an empty array.
But I'm just going to go ahead and say entry list.
I'm not going to set it to anything.
So it is entry list because the values for the entry list are going to come from our local storage f
the local storage has something.
If the local storage has something, it is it is going to be an array so that we are going to set it
to enter a list.
If there was nothing inside the local storage.
We just want to set the entry list and.
All right.
So let's grab our entry list and we are going to say, Jason.
OK, Jason, Jason does not pass.
What do we now, whenever we use Jason Pass, it means that we are changing Jason language into JavaScript,
object or value.
OK, dot pass.
What is it that we want to pass, we want to pass the local storage dot and from the local storage we
want to get an item, what is the key for that item?
It see it it just requires one parameter, one sorry, one argument inside this function.
And that is the key.
The key is entry dash analyst.
All right, so it requires one, so we need a logical or operator, why?
Because we have two billion expressions.
If this boolean expression is true, we want the Intralytix to grab this value.
What if that is not true?
If that is not true, we want the interest to be equal to an empty array, which is what we had here.
So we basically say if there is something inside the local storage, give it to the centralised.
If there is nothing, just give the entry list in an empty, an empty array.
OK, and we are going to update the UI as well, because if there is something we want, we want to
show that on the UI on the Web page, if there isn't, we want to we don't want to show anything on
the UI.
So I think this is going to be about as far as the functionality of the local storage is concerned.
So I'm going to come here inside the application, inside the local storage, so we we can see that
we don't have any Keano, nor do we have any values.
So I'm going to say salary and I'm going to set it to 13 for 64.
And whenever I save it, we can see here we have.
Everything here has been updated, of course, all this has had this has been updated, and in here
we can see that we have an amount of 13, 64.
We have a total of salary and the type is income because it has been tucked inside the income tracker.
So let's go ahead and let's try something inside the expense tracker two, one, three, save it.
And we can see we have another entry here.
All of them are inside this of this array.
OK, this is an array of objects.
So this amounts to one three.
The title is Rent and the type is expense.
So all of this data is being fed from the lot as being stored inside the local storage.
So if I reload it now, we can see that are right.
So everything is zero, even though we can see them right here, we do have it there.
But I think we have made a mistake here.
The we have not called the items properly.
So let's go ahead.
Let's take a look at this.
So we have our entry entry list is initialized here, Jason, that pass that item entry list, get item.
So we need to get the item.
The item is entry list or we need to pass in the the array, the update UI function.
Think checking whether there is the update UI function, let's say that we should see stuff coming in
from because they are present inside this local storage, but we are not feeding it to this application.
So they are not coming to this, Jason, that pass local storage, that get item.
So budget out.
Where is the update UI?
And trialist, so we have I think we have successfully provi gissen, the strong Afie Striatum local
story.
So they are stored.
So this set method, this is working correctly.
There is no problem there.
The problem is with this, I think with this update UI function, because if I'm not mistaken, let's
go ahead and let's see.
Let's cancel that log our entry list now we can see where the problem is.
So at the entry list is an empty array.
It means the problem is inside this entry list.
If the entry list has those values that we have inserted, like the salary and the rent, it means there
is something wrong with this update UI function.
And you know what is wrong?
I just found it.
It is the parentheses.
Where are the function parentheses.
That's why it's not going to run.
So if I come here inside the console, I can see my array, both of them.
So the problem is I forgot to pass in the person, I forgot to write the parentheses and now it should
grab the values, fetch the values from the local storage.
It doesn't matter how many times you reload this page, you can see that all the values are right here.
Everything the chart, the balance, the income, the outcome, the chart, the expense structure,
income tracker, all everything is right here.
The problem was just like parentheses.
I didn't add parentheses and you saw that the entire list had those items.
This entry list was inside this entry list, but only the update UI was this was just a basic misspelling
that's misspelled.
No, a typo.
It is a typo.
It is very, very late.
I've started working this morning like it was I think eight thirty and it is eight thirty a.m..
It is seven twenty four pm so.
Thirty six minutes.
Eight thirty six minutes.
It should be like twelve hours.
So we knew this was a very long day but I have to finish this project.
So there are two more things remaining.
One is the functionality of this delete button and the second one is the functionality of this edit.
But so try and delete.
We are going to do do that hopefully in one lecture.
See you guys then.